{Stipple Effect} is a pixel art editor and animator designed
and programmed by me, Jordan Bunke, also known as
{Flinker Flitzer}. It is built on top of and rendered with
{Delta Time}, my personal Java game library.

The program is purpose-built and tailor-made to seamlessly
integrate with my own workflow for the pixel art that I
produce as an indie game developer and freelancer.

For the past ten years or so, I have used {Paint.NET} for any
raster image editing task. While I'm used to it and generally
like it, it is almost entirely unsuitable for animation, and
its lack of quality of life features and optimizations make
it very inefficient and slow to get work done in. I am not a
fan of paid software - more of a financial issue than a
philosophical one - and suffer from a pretty exaggerated case
of "not invented here" syndrome, so I never seriously
considered buying {Photoshop} or {Aseprite}, which is the
undisputed state-of-the-art software for this niche.

What I have done instead is created something that makes my
life and work significantly {easier}, {faster}, {BETTER}, and
more fun. With {Stipple Effect}, I can produce better pixel
art stills and animations than ever before - and do so
significantly faster - due to a host of features not available
in most freeware.

I wanted to share that with the countless developers, artists
and creators that I KNOW are in the same position. Please
reach out with any feedback or questions and enjoy!

If you get a lot of use and value out of the program, please
consider supporting my work financially by leaving a
donation on the Stipple Effect {Itch.io} page.

{Jordan Bunke, 2023}
